-------------------------------------------------
This text files contains the description of the
items in the folder.
Author : Arda Kıray (21302072)
-------------------------------------------------

The folder contains three files with .c postfixes
called syn_phistogram.c, syn_thistogram.c. and FileCreator.c

It additionally contains a MakeFile to create executables
for each source code files. The user can type "make" from
the terminal while in the folder and obtain executables.
Furthermore, "rm clean" will clean all existing executables.

syn_phistogram.c :

syn_phistogram.c contains the C source code of a program
that calculates a histogram of N text file inputs which
have the real or integer numbers for each line. User must
give the minimum and maximum values in the files, the
number of the bins that histogram is expected to have, the 
number of input files and an output file name for the result.

The program can be called from terminal as :

./syn_phistogram minvalue maxvalue bincount N file1...fileN outfile

The program creates an output file if a file with the given
name does not exists.

syn_thistogram.c :

syn_thistogram.c contains the C source code of a program
that calculates a histogram of N text file inputs which
have the real or integer numbers for each line. User must
give the minimum and maximum values in the files, the
number of the bins that histogram is expected to have, the 
number of input files and an output file name for the result.
Additionally, user is required to supply a batch number value B
between 1 to 100 inclusive for transferring the data between
threads in the size of this batch number.

The program can be called from terminal as :

./syn_thistogram minvalue maxvalue bincount N file1...fileN outfile B

The program creates an output file if a file with the given
name does not exists.

The difference between syn_phistogram and syn_thistogram is when they are
processing the files, syn_phistogram creates a process for each seperate
file execution while syn_thistogram creates a thread for each.

FileCreator.c :

FileCreator.c contains a C source code of a program that creates
N number of files that are filled with randomly generated integers
in the bounds of [min,max] supplied. The size of the files and their
output names are also taken as a parameter.

The program can be called from terminal as :

./FileCreator minvalue maxvalue size fileNumber file1...fileN

Additionally the folder contains a report with .pdf format that
has the timing experiment results for syn_thistogram program.
The results are gathered by using the files that are generated by
FileCreator program. It contains the timing results of the several 
experiments with the files same files that are gathered by FileCreator.
In each experiment, only batch size is variable. Among experiments,
file sizes and number of input files are changed and every experiment
is iterated 5 times with different batch sizes in order to evaluate the
effect of batch size on the runtime of the program. At the end, findings
are stated and discussed.





 




