-------------------------------------------------
This text files contains the description of the
items in the folder.
Author : Arda Kıray (21302072)
-------------------------------------------------

The folder contains three files with .c postfixes
called phistogram.c, thistogram.c. and FileCreator.c

It additionally contains a MakeFile to create executables
for each source code files. The user can type "make" from
the terminal while in the folder and obtain executables.
Furthermore, "rm clean" will clean all existing executables.

phistogram.c :

phistogram.c contains the C source code of a program
that calculates a histogram of N text file inputs which
have the real or integer numbers for each line. User must
give the minimum and maximum values in the files, the
number of the bins that histogram is expected to have, the 
number of input files and an output file name for the result.

The program can be called from terminal as :

./phistogram minvalue maxvalue bincount N file1...fileN outfile

The program creates an output file if a file with the given
name does not exists.

thistogram.c :

thistogram.c contains the C source code of a program
that calculates a histogram of N text file inputs which
have the real or integer numbers for each line. User must
give the minimum and maximum values in the files, the
number of the bins that histogram is expected to have, the 
number of input files and an output file name for the result.

The program can be called from terminal as :

./thistogram minvalue maxvalue bincount N file1...fileN outfile

The program creates an output file if a file with the given
name does not exists.

The difference between phistogram and thistogram is when they are
processing the files, phistogram creates a process for each seperate
file execution while thistogram creates a thread for each.

FileCreator.c :

FileCreator.c contains a C source code of a program that creates
N number of files that are filled with randomly generated integers
in the bounds of [min,max] supplied. The size of the files and their
output names are also taken as a parameter.

The program can be called from terminal as :

./FileCreator minvalue maxvalue size fileNumber file1...fileN

Additionally the folder contains a report with .pdf format that
has the timing experiment results for thistogram and phistogram programs.
The results are gathered by using the files that are generated by
FileCreator program. It contains the timing results of 4 iteration of each
programs with the same randomly generated files. Moreover, the mean values,
standart deviations and variances of the iterations are stated.
At the end an analysis is given for each program. On the other hand,
the report contains timing results for 2 process program for various
size of inputs which are also gathered with FileCreator program. Again
an analysis is given at the end of the corresponding part.





 




